"Revelation" What can you eat for 1,000 yuan to order a takeaway? Is it worth it?,Cheapest kebabs in the country! A bunch of hair! What kind of experience is it to smash 1000 strings?
It is said that goose breast made with worms will taste better? Sure enough, the dishes in A Dream of Red Mansions never let me down!,Dinghu Shangsu in the Manchu and Han banquets! Combining 19 kinds of vegetarian dishes can actually make meat flavor!
First meal of the new year! Spend 180 yuan to check in Changchun's "A String of Life", is Lao Li's crescent bone really delicious?,What do rich people living in the most expensive neighborhoods in Shanghai eat? 10,000 yuan to explore the cafeteria in the rich area of ​​the store
Chengdu's "stiniest" hamburger, 68 yuan a piece is comparable to stinky tofu, go straight to the top! | China Hamburg Tour,After spending 35,000 yuan at Sam's supermarket, the top 10 must-buy products, if you don't look at it, you will lose a lot
Visit NBA Curry's BBQ! ¥1200 American slow roast beef, is it worth it?,[Food and Wine vlog.70] Shanghai's only three-star Michelin chef made the perfect fully cooked steak that best suits Chinese tastes (Mr.
You never know where eggs in India are ready to eat.,After spending 35,000 yuan at Sam's supermarket, the top 10 must-buy products, if you don't look at it, you will lose a lot
Is the "Brushed Snacks" of the popular sound a IQ tax or is it really delicious?,Is the "popping pulp snack" of the popular short video an IQ tax or is it really delicious?
American athletes share the popularity of the Winter Olympics diet, and online eating and broadcasting is greedy and crying: so delicious,After spending 35,000 yuan at Sam's supermarket, the top 10 must-buy products, if you don't look at it, you will lose a lot
good guy! A piece of Christmas golden roast is juicy in the mouth,What do rich people living in the most expensive neighborhoods in Shanghai eat? 10,000 yuan to explore the cafeteria in the rich area of ​​the store
The handsome guy spends 260 to buy a sausage machine, bakes while eating, and can experience the joy of street stalls at home,Spend 100 yuan to buy 40 grilled sausages, paired with two hot and dry noodles, I really enjoyed it today!
Thai food: The roadside carpet is plump and the grilled squid is thick, tender and chewy, sour, spicy and enjoyable,Thai Food: Luxury Crab Fried Rice Ten pounds of crabs make a crab meat fried rice and feel really worth it
Japan's "cheapest" sushi? Men don't know why it's cheap until after eating...,Try the hottest burger in American history, and people all over the United States are rushing to grab it! Is it really that delicious?
Japan's "cheapest" sushi? Men don't know why it's cheap until after eating...,Lin Gengxin invited me to eat barbecue, and the performance melted in the mouth, grabbing a meal with the gourmet up? (｡ì _ í｡)
[Sad Crispy Pork][Guide to Homemade Perfect Crispy Pork],5800 yen a piece of eel rice, can you eat like this? The Chinese man tried it and said...
The guy only eats blue food for 24 hours, and finally his mouth turns blue,The guy only eats blue food for 24 hours, and finally his mouth turns blue
[Miss Gao]Soufflé,The guy ordered the takeaway with the most bad reviews. He wanted to see how unpalatable it was, but he had doubts about his life.
[Miss Gao]Soufflé,Lin Gengxin invited me to eat barbecue, and the performance melted in the mouth, grabbing a meal with the gourmet up? (｡ì _ í｡)
The handsome guy made his home-made American-style grilled pork ribs. It took 15 hours, and it was soft, boneless and oily.,It took 6 hours to squeeze 10 pounds of Weilong spicy oil with bare hands. The old man just wanted to taste the spicy fried chicken.
Try the top ten self-heating hot pot selected by millions of netizens! Haidilao actually pulled!,Try the top ten self-heating hot pot selected by millions of netizens! Haidilao actually pulled!
Challenge the emoji to eat food for a day, iron fans ordered Boston lobster, and it was really enjoyable,Try the top ten self-heating hot pot selected by millions of netizens! Haidilao actually pulled!
Super luxurious tomato hot pot snail noodles, bell rolls and fried pig trotters to soak up the soup, a mouthful of powder and half a mouthful of soup,Eat spicy Xinjiang fried rice noodles at home, so spicy you drink 3 cups of milk! Sizzling eggplant with sauce, thieves eat!
What family can eat this every day...,Is the difference between big lobsters with four times the price difference really that big?
Even on a rainy day, I can't stop eating fried skewers, but the boss still remembers me! Wuguang taster,Even on a rainy day, I can't stop eating fried skewers, but the boss still remembers me! Wuguang taster
Fried skewers ceiling! Eat it late at night!,Spicy snail noodles in a bowl, scared by the huge fried egg for 5 yuan! Hangzhou Exploring Store/Food Exploring Store
This place is the Northeast's greatest respect for barbecue! This is a full plate for only $50!,Late night barbecue, 60 yuan for a large table, the boss is super enthusiastic!
Try eating the super-large giant claw human face crab, it really looks like a human face, and almost died of salt after eating it,Spicy warning! After trying to juice 10000g of millet peppers, what happens when you drink it in one sip?
I bought an M6 Tomahawk steak for 400 yuan. The handsome guy used the new oven to cook American-style stew. It's so delicious.,Huanong Brothers: This pig in my brother’s house has a fever. It is hoped that it can’t be saved. We had to help him roast it.
Raw pickled swimming crab, the practice is simple and rude, most people dare not put their mouths, I will eat it,Try the 10-yuan Spanish migrant worker's lunch box, the proprietress: I don't earn 1 cent!
Drumstick brawl at all prices! 65 yuan out, 2 yuan actually won? !,The handsome guy spends 260 to buy a sausage machine, bakes while eating, and can experience the joy of street stalls at home
The handsome guy made his home-made American-style grilled pork ribs. It took 15 hours, and it was soft, boneless and oily.,"Late Night Pie" can be fried everything, and a plate full of mutton and chicken thighs is fried, it's so enjoyable to eat!
Self-heating food and these? A man bought five wonderful self-heating foods at one time, which one is the best?,The guy ordered the takeaway with the most bad reviews. He wanted to see how unpalatable it was, but he had doubts about his life.
Barbecue turkey noodles, a lot of garlic, make a teppanyaki meal, simmering noodles and tearing meat, it's so enjoyable,Barbecue turkey noodles, a lot of garlic, make a teppanyaki meal, simmering noodles and tearing meat, it's so enjoyable
The handsome guy made the popular street pork ribs, the crispy taste is better than potato chips!,Is the popular Korean grilled cheese really delicious? One piece costs 10 yuan, after the handsome guy eats...
It has been three years since the video was filmed, and this is the first time the two handsome guys have eaten such a delicious barbecue!,The handsome guy bought a milk tea formula from a big brand of Baobao and spent a week making milk tea. Is it really reliable?
Handsome guy's homemade popular online snack "Crispy Large Intestine" takes a bite and sprays stuffing!,People who hate coriander eat 15 pounds of coriander in anger, will they fall in love with coriander from now on?
1 million copies sold! ? Can you eat super cheap snacks at Pinxixi?,Is the New Year's goods recommended by the shopping platform "big data" a IQ tax or a needle not stamped?
Inventory of those hidden treasure snacks, it is said that only 3% of people have eaten, the taste is simply amazing!,[Takeaway Showdown] What is the difference between the cheapest Mala Tang at 7.5 yuan and the most expensive Mala Tang at 108 yuan?
These foods have been popular in China for 1000 years...,Existing more than 200 years old? Do you know any of these Chinese food brands that have been established since the Qing Dynasty?
Handsome guy spends 3,000 packs of villas to experience super-large barbecue,What do rich people living in the most expensive neighborhoods in Shanghai eat? 10,000 yuan to explore the cafeteria in the rich area of ​​the store
The handsome guy made the popular street pork ribs, the crispy taste is better than potato chips!,The handsome guy makes real crispy pork belly, which is crisper than potato chips in one bite!
A big cuttlefish weighs 10 pounds. With this handsome guy, you can eat crab flavor. It's so delicious!,Try the French rose pink diamond oysters, and they are still moving!
Try to eat the deep-sea monster, the messenger of the Dragon Palace, do you think it will overturn?,What do rich people living in the most expensive neighborhoods in Shanghai eat? 10,000 yuan to explore the cafeteria in the rich area of ​​the store
Challenge the world's largest and hottest instant noodles! really spicy,The guy spent 682 yuan to buy an instant noodle machine imported from Japan. Will the noodles made with this bubble be more delicious?
Odie and Omei eat turkey noodles, whoever wins can get a huge bonus,The guy tried the super spicy turkey noodles
What did the fat girl look like 10 years ago? The fat girl looked at the old photos, but had an unexpected harvest, and the secret of the ocean was broken,The fat girl made snail lion powder, washed the dust for grandma, it was sour and appetizing, 1 person ate 1 big bowl, it was really enjoyable
In the mini kitchen, these bloodshot eyeballs can be eaten!,Homemade "soap" that can be eaten must not be eaten in front of others!
Cost of 2 yuan, come with me to make a corgi that can burst pulp!,Mini kitchen, made an artificial "steak" at a cost of 2 yuan
In the mini kitchen, these bloodshot eyeballs can be eaten!,Mini kitchen, made an artificial "steak" at a cost of 2 yuan
Mini kitchen, make a big table of New Year's Eve dinner, the kind of a big plate,Believe it or not, I made a roasted whole lamb for 2 yuan!
Mini kitchen, try to make the recently super popular Internet celebrity food "pan tarts",In the mini kitchen, these bloodshot eyeballs can be eaten!
Homemade snacks that can be eaten stealthily in class "3", the teacher found out that I lost!,Mini kitchen, homemade snacks that can be eaten in class "2", the teacher found out that I lost!
The handsome guy makes real crispy pork belly, which is crisper than potato chips in one bite!,A big cuttlefish weighs 10 pounds. With this handsome guy, you can eat crab flavor. It's so delicious!
Handsome guy spends 3,000 packs of villas to experience super-large barbecue,This is the taste of the most expensive durian in the world? The handsome guy bought three kinds of durians for evaluation, and the results were unexpected!
Jin Er Shun Pickled Cooking Shop ¥150,Jin Er Shun Pickled Cooking Shop ¥150
During the fat loss period, I ate drunk and delicious pasta~,Visit the Detroit Grandpa Noodle House, 2 bowls of pasta are 300 yuan, and there is a set of American star restaurants to make money!
Try Guizhou Niuyao Hot Pot! Does it really smell like cow shit?,What do rich people living in the most expensive neighborhoods in Shanghai eat? 10,000 yuan to explore the cafeteria in the rich area of ​​the store
I stewed 10 catties of lamb's trotters with devil peppers, a pot of red and bright, and a drop of soup can change my face,Spicy hot pot with prawns and fat, big sao gives his wife extra food, and finally eats himself
Try the roasted whole lamb of 1680, the crispy skin and tender meat are too fragrant, the guy ate a whole leg,"Late Night Pie" The guy made his own meat stuffed with tiger skin and peppers, which can be eaten in one pot with this dish
Tackle a late-night snack at a convenience store, and today might be my social ceiling moment. Food explorer/Wuguang taster,I made braised pork for my mother in the dormitory, sweet and fluffy, fat but not greasy, served with rice, crying next door
I bought an M6 Tomahawk steak for 400 yuan. The handsome guy used the new oven to cook American-style stew. It's so delicious.,What can you buy at the cheapest supermarket in France for 100 yuan? 1 baguette is only 0.35!
The handsome guy made the popular street pork ribs, the crispy taste is better than potato chips!,The handsome guy makes real crispy pork belly, which is crisper than potato chips in one bite!
The handsome guy bought all the skewers in the barbecue shop because he hadn't eaten skewers for too long!,Is it really edible for less than 1 yuan a box of hot and sour noodles?
Try all the flavors of Tang Daren's bucket noodles, which one is the best! What does all the soup mix taste like?,[JaeYeol]Knock on Candy Wax Bottle Candy Fruit Beverage Yaw~(*╹▽╹*)
[Takeaway Showdown] What is the difference between the cheapest Mala Tang at 7.5 yuan and the most expensive Mala Tang at 108 yuan?,Scientific research food evaluation of the Academy of Agricultural Sciences! Is "Scientific Research Chicken" really delicious?
Visit NBA Curry's BBQ! ¥1200 American slow roast beef, is it worth it?,Inventory of those hidden treasure snacks, it is said that only 3% of people have eaten, the taste is simply amazing!
All you can eat caviar! ? What does the 800-person buffet eat?,How to eat buffet in the new store, beef and mutton as rice, duck intestines and hairy belly, and then eat the main food, it is too practical
Late at night, the whole street is filled with the scent of his home! Food explorer/Wuguang taster,Spend 25 yuan to eat Xinjiang fried rice noodles, the ecstasy is more spicier than the spiciness, and drinking 4 bottles of drinks in a row is too much fun!
Go to Grandpa and Grandma's shop to eat fried skewers on a rainy day! Sweet and sour fried thick noodles with Wenling sandwich cake! good cure,Tackle a late-night snack at a convenience store, and today might be my social ceiling moment. Food explorer/Wuguang taster
The handsome guy spends 260 to buy a sausage machine, bakes while eating, and can experience the joy of street stalls at home,The handsome guy simmered a pot of hoof flower soup for 4 hours, just to eat the deboned and rotten pig trotters, so fragrant
The third wave of "fan gifts" in 2019 24 large unboxing, thank you,The handsome guy spends 260 to buy a sausage machine, bakes while eating, and can experience the joy of street stalls at home
It has been three years since the video was filmed, and this is the first time the two handsome guys have eaten such a delicious barbecue!,Kobe beef is not so good! You can eat it for 100 yuan! What is the difference between a 100-yuan Kobe beef and a 1,000-yuan Kobe beef?
IQ tax snacks? Are these super weird-looking snacks really good?,Can you really eat "big elbows" that cost 5 yuan a piece in Xixili?
Mini kitchen, make a big table of New Year's Eve dinner, the kind of a big plate,Cost of 2 yuan, come with me to make a corgi that can burst pulp!
Mini kitchen, another fairy way to unlock instant noodles at home at a cost of 2 yuan,Mini kitchen, make a big table of New Year's Eve dinner, the kind of a big plate
More than 100 million pieces of meat: the world's only Michelin-starred Master Kong instant noodles,[One dollar can't buy it] My girlfriend made me out-of-print molecular cuisine
Fried skewers ceiling! Eat it late at night!,The fragrant chicken stewed vermicelli, with a can of soda, Xiaoting eats full of oil
Mini kitchen, homemade multigrain pancakes, one bite at a time!,Mini kitchen, made an artificial "steak" at a cost of 2 yuan
It's also a Big Mac burger. How big is the gap between Burger King's seven-story Whopper and the takeaway store's Xiongbatianbao?,[100RMB Challenge] The guy took advantage of the half price to buy a 100RMB KFC fried chicken and ate half of it in one go!
Then I explored the buffet in the town. Da sao ate five pots by himself. The waiters disliked it. It was really delicious.,Then I explored the buffet in the town. Da sao ate five pots by himself. The waiters disliked it. It was really delicious.
The world's most spicy instant noodles has changed hands again! All you need is a bucket to shed tears!,Then I explored the buffet in the town. Da sao ate five pots by himself. The waiters disliked it. It was really delicious.
The first time I ate hell-level spicy Xinjiang fried rice noodles, it was so spicy that I drank two boxes of milk, it was too high!,  LEEDOE     Challenge the spicy ghost pepper noodles   | Chewing sound to help sleep (new) [Do not imitate! ! ! ]
Make crispy fried chicken legs the way you open it! did not expect……,Try One Piece Luffy's favorite giant stick meat~ Will it really taste good in reality? !
The guy challenged the ghost pepper noodles that were popular abroad and cried because it was 10 times hotter than turkey noodles,The claypot rice that has been popular for 30 years and the eel rice that has been in business for 20 years will gain weight after eating. . . Shunde Food VLOG
The guy made three pots of chicken feet a day, just to find the best one,98 bought a whole edible aloe vera and tried to make an Indian street drink. Can it really relieve the heat?
Eat hot pot in isolation at home alone! Hairy Belly, Melaleuca Belly, Fried Eggs and Fat Beef! Niu Sanxian Hot Pot is really amazing!,DIY a table of Haidilao at home, the first hot pot in autumn must be rich~
The handsome guy made his own fried skewers at the entrance of the school, and it tasted even better than the ones sold at the entrance of the school!,"Stinky Boy"
Chengdu Kaka 500 yuan to eat a large pot of "fat intestines and fish soil hot pot", the fat intestines are eaten as hairy stomachs, and the 4 kilograms of fat intestines are enjoyable to eat,What can you buy at the cheapest supermarket in France for 100 yuan? 1 baguette is only 0.35!
Chengdu Kaka 500 yuan to eat a large pot of "fat intestines and fish soil hot pot", the fat intestines are eaten as hairy stomachs, and the 4 kilograms of fat intestines are enjoyable to eat,Try the local famous dishes that are ready to eat on a treasure! How does it taste? Is it authentic?
At 12:00 in the middle of the night, I went to the convenience store to cook, and I ate more than 100 yuan alone. Wuguang Lawson taster/Hangzhou exploration shop,Nanning's "first drag sister", 31 yuan for a bowl of old friend's powder, dare to urge you to get your money back and leave immediately
This place is the Northeast's greatest respect for barbecue! This is a full plate for only $50!,Changchun's old-fashioned soup dumplings, take a bite and burst into the juice! Paired with the unique roast chicken and sanxian, another bite of rice is a carb explosion!
A big pot late at night! Chef Kang's meat and seafood instant noodles in a year? ?,Open the box and spend 500 yuan to buy a seafood bag, what can such an expensive bag get?
Try the oysters with gold foil. It is said that each one is one in a thousand, and the sashimi is very amazing.,Cantonese Liangzai doesn't know how to eat spicy food, and even challenged the world's hottest ghost pepper noodles.
The guy tried to eat the top five snail noodles in a treasure, which one is the best?,The guy tried to eat the top five snail noodles in a treasure, which one is the best?
Try the red phoenix snail, boiled in coconut milk, the delicious food can't stop,Spend 218 yuan to buy 2 Boston lobsters on Pinduoduo, is it a loss?
Spend 25 yuan to eat Xinjiang fried rice noodles, the ecstasy is more spicier than the spiciness, and drinking 4 bottles of drinks in a row is too much fun!,Spend 218 yuan to buy 2 Boston lobsters on Pinduoduo, is it a loss?
The handsome guy made the popular street pork ribs, the crispy taste is better than potato chips!,Late at night, the whole street is filled with the scent of his home! Food explorer/Wuguang taster
Manhole cover roasted! Button bombs and sautéed crispy sausages~,Try a box of super expensive instant noodles for 180 yuan! What does it taste like?
Manhole cover roasted! Button bombs and sautéed crispy sausages~,The handsome guy bought all the skewers in the barbecue shop because he hadn't eaten skewers for too long!
Manhole cover roasted! Button bombs and sautéed crispy sausages~,Headphone party benefits! Crispy roasted pork belly, a mouthful of juice overflowing.
Mini kitchen, homemade multigrain pancakes, one bite at a time!,Mini kitchen, made an artificial "steak" at a cost of 2 yuan
Mini kitchen, homemade multigrain pancakes, one bite at a time!,Mini kitchen, homemade McDonald's poached egg coffee for 5 cents
Cost of 2 yuan, come with me to make a corgi that can burst pulp!,Mini kitchen, made an artificial "steak" at a cost of 2 yuan
Deep-fried air: this is the taste of air Michelin molecular cuisine replica,[ New concept to make chicken ]
Challenge the spicy Xinjiang fried wide noodles, I thought it was a bronze but I didn't expect it to be a king. Wuguang taster/food explorer,Fried chicken world ceiling, fried chicken cheese fondue! Drawing 2 meters, I was almost beaten by my sister! Food explorer/Wuguang taster
Try to eat the deep-sea monster, the messenger of the Dragon Palace, do you think it will overturn?,What do rich people living in the most expensive neighborhoods in Shanghai eat? 10,000 yuan to explore the cafeteria in the rich area of ​​the store
1 million copies sold! ? Can you eat super cheap snacks at Pinxixi?,Chinese don't lie to Chinese? So what are these pirated drinks called?
Can you really eat the "2 jins are all meat" seafood masters in Xixili?,Chinese don't lie to Chinese? So what are these pirated drinks called?
Try the red phoenix snail, boiled in coconut milk, the delicious food can't stop,Try the red phoenix snail, boiled in coconut milk, the delicious food can't stop
The handsome guy made his homemade German crispy roast pork knuckle. He only used 30 kinds of marinade. Is it delicious?,Handsome guy's homemade popular online snack "Crispy Large Intestine" takes a bite and sprays stuffing!
Handsome guy spends 3,000 packs of villas to experience super-large barbecue,What is the reaction of the handsome guy who bought 100 yuan duck goods and made Zhou Hei duck at home and brought it to his girlfriend?
The handsome guy made his own fried skewers at the entrance of the school, and it tasted even better than the ones sold at the entrance of the school!,The handsome guy makes real crispy pork belly, which is crisper than potato chips in one bite!
Handsome guy spends 3,000 packs of villas to experience super-large barbecue,Is the milk malatang taught by Mr. He Jiong really delicious? The spirit boy can call after finishing
Challenge the biggest sushi in Japan! One turned out to be 5 kilograms! !,Chongqing's "most kind barbecue", a large skewer of 4 yuan, a shop only sells 4 kinds of skewers, ate 30 skewers, and only one is very unkind
The "cheapest" Bobo Chicken in Chengdu is 20 yuan per capita, which realizes the freedom of chicken feet. The boss doesn't want to make a fortune, so he just needs to give his son. For 19 years, he has been guarding his own shop steadily.,In order to eat the Xiangxi bacon from Chengzi's family, my sister specially exchanged seafood for it. It was really exciting to eat a full table.
Spend 25 yuan to eat Xinjiang fried rice noodles, the ecstasy is more spicier than the spiciness, and drinking 4 bottles of drinks in a row is too much fun!,Chongqing's "most kind barbecue", a large skewer of 4 yuan, a shop only sells 4 kinds of skewers, ate 30 skewers, and only one is very unkind
Eat spicy Xinjiang fried rice noodles at home, so spicy you drink 3 cups of milk! Sizzling eggplant with sauce, thieves eat!,Try the "Great Conch", which is popular all over the Internet. It is chewy and chewy in one bite. It is so delicious with the dipping sauce.
Crazy! A restaurant that dares to call itself the "God of Sushi"! Bet on a month's rent to eat!,At 3300 per capita, is the most expensive Japanese food store in Shanghai worth the money?
Death is coming to collect crabs! Try the super cost-effective heavy shell crab!,Challenge to eat a pound of lemon with no expression! Can you believe it?
[Crispy Pork Belly] The pork belly is so delicate, the master who is determined to lose weight and UP will bend down,It took 4 days and 3 nights to make a bowl of hot and sour noodles with a length of 5 meters! ! !
4 catties of big rooster, big sao made a big plate of chicken, two catties of noodles mixed with soup, a big pot full of fun to eat,The guy buys a 372 yuan roll of candy rolls until he can't roll them, how big can they be?
2 yuan a barrel? ! A collection of the smallest treasures of instant noodles in history! There's definitely something you haven't seen~,These foods have been popular in China for 1000 years...
"Spicy and bursting" spicy roasted chicken legs, it is still sloppy to drive hundreds of kilometers to eat,Have you ever tried Xi'an's oil-splashed noodles? ? Thicker than a belt! This big bowl is only 12 yuan~
Try to eat the deep-sea monster, the messenger of the Dragon Palace, do you think it will overturn?,Using a piece of M9 wagyu hot pot, the more you eat, the more enjoyable it becomes, you can't stop
Homemade snacks that can be eaten stealthily in class "3", the teacher found out that I lost!,Mini kitchen, homemade snacks that can be eaten in class "2", the teacher found out that I lost!
The son treats the guests to eat hot pot, and directly orders the hot pot when he enters the store. The parents teach the son a good lesson,What is the experience of eating Shayi Hotpot Restaurant with Chen He?
Challenge upgrade! Eight times the food a day! But do you know what 88 means?,Welcome to the new year! Challenge 211 to eat a day! I hope that everyone will be soaring in the Year of the Ox, all the way!
What kind of food can you eat for a takeaway of 250 yuan a day? It's still not right,5.2 meters of spicy strips and beverages with the most ingredients list, the spicy strips actually tasted like noodles
Turkey Noodles: I don't know anything about the spiciness of ghost pepper noodles!,Challenge to eat only fried food for a day! This thing seems to be more needed by the photographer.
Indian street, delicious egg instant noodles!,Outrageous! This is the cleanest Indian aloe vera juice I have ever seen! !
This Spanish restaurant has been selling roasted green onions for 35 years! 15 green onions sell for 230 yuan!,Try the Spanish Red Devil Shrimp, which is longer than an arm. 4 ways to eat it
Try to eat the deep-sea monster, the messenger of the Dragon Palace, do you think it will overturn?,It's another day when you can pick up snails. Simple, delicious and delicious cold-eaten snails, get moving and make them
1 million copies sold! ? Can you eat super cheap snacks at Pinxixi?,The most rude Wuhan hot dry noodles! The noodles covered with sesame sauce are so touching! monkey race
Liuzhou "spicy and stinky" snail noodles, a big fried egg covered with red oil, one word is refreshing,Spicy hot pot with prawns and fat, big sao gives his wife extra food, and finally eats himself
I finally got fried eggs! ! ! 15 yuan a bowl of authentic snail noodles, plus two fried eggs and a pig's foot, I took off,Spicy snail noodles in a bowl, scared by the huge fried egg for 5 yuan! Hangzhou Exploring Store/Food Exploring Store
At 12:00 in the middle of the night, I went to the convenience store to cook, and I ate more than 100 yuan alone. Wuguang Lawson taster/Hangzhou exploration shop,Try the 10-yuan Spanish migrant worker's lunch box, the proprietress: I don't earn 1 cent!
"Revelation" What can you eat for 1,000 yuan to order a takeaway? Is it worth it?,[Takeaway Showdown] What is the difference between the cheapest steak set at 10 yuan and the most expensive steak at 464 yuan?
Dazzling rice in the Northeast restaurant, the bold boss has been sharing their private dishes with me! Wuguang taster,Fried chicken world ceiling, fried chicken cheese fondue! Drawing 2 meters, I was almost beaten by my sister! Food explorer/Wuguang taster
Chicken feet pot. So delicious that you can't put your chopsticks down! Soft, glutinous and glutinous with rice,Is the Internet celebrity "air fryer" an artifact or a tasteless product? What's the difference between oven and oven
I was eating late at a street stall. The boss was afraid that I would not be full, so he gave me all the food in the pot! Food explorer/Wuguang taster,"The handsome guy made cilantro into five ways, people who don't like it are drooling"
Chengdu's "worst" old hotpot, invincible millebellum to eat face to face, 23 yuan a plate can't stop eating, continue until the boss finishes smiling,Wuhan's "most expensive cold noodles", 725 yuan a bowl, 25 yuan noodles with 700 yuan toppings, eating poor! One person is addicted to eating, two people can't eat enough, three people eat and fight
Liuzhou Shenxiang "Extra Spicy" Snail Noodles Instant Noodles, what kind of fairy combination is this, and it's delicious too,Chengdu is "tender to spicy and spicy", the duck intestines are tender and watery, a large pot of more than 100, and it can't be beat without 2 bowls of rice
[Miss Gao]Why did the steamed buns collapse?,A string of bombed squid for 25 yuan on the street, it turned out to be fried like this, and I will never go out to eat it again.
Chengdu's "stiniest" hamburger, 68 yuan a piece is comparable to stinky tofu, go straight to the top! | China Hamburg Tour,The owner of the burger shop teaches you: use ten yuan ingredients to make a high-end burger for one hundred yuan | Burger King Club · Ten Yuan Kitchen · Shredded Chicken and Bacon Burger
Juchunyuan Chef's Exploring Shop¥17?6,Fast food ramen is co-branded with Michelin! Real stuff or just a gimmick?
Liuzhou "spicy and stinky" snail noodles, a big fried egg covered with red oil, one word is refreshing,The roommate wanted to eat 100 yuan Mala Tang, and Odi satisfied him with "hehe". Really enjoyable!
Liuzhou Shenxiang "Extra Spicy" Snail Noodles Instant Noodles, what kind of fairy combination is this, and it's delicious too,Chengdu is "tender to spicy and spicy", the duck intestines are tender and watery, a large pot of more than 100, and it can't be beat without 2 bowls of rice
Try eating 108 yuan a barrel of instant noodles. How is the taste of such expensive instant noodles different from ordinary instant noodles?,The guy tried to make the popular KFC Chicken Soup Baked Rice in Japan, and it was so delicious?
Cheapest kebabs in the country! A bunch of hair! What kind of experience is it to smash 1000 strings?,One dollar a string! How much does it cost to buy all kinds of spicy skewers in Jinan stalls?
In order to cook the New Year's Eve dinner for Xiao Er, I re-engraved Qu Shui Liu Jing!,Mini kitchen, make a big table of New Year's Eve dinner, the kind of a big plate
[Manshi Slow Talk]Soul Sauce! The super simple secret recipe of spicy mix was leaked...,[Manshi Slow Talk] Refuse unpalatable fat-reducing meals! It's not heavy for a week, it's super delicious and fat-reducing lunch is done in one go
The first small barbecue in the new year, the large piece of mutton was grilled and squeaked and oily, Fat Long exclaimed: Enjoy!,Handsome guy spends 3,000 packs of villas to experience super-large barbecue
Late night cooking Super octopus made into a Korean-style sweet and spicy mouthful, it's so refreshing!,Late night cooking, a long-lost dessert feast, 1 plate of Korean fried noodles, a plate of McNuggets, Bashi!
"The Lonely Gourmet" on-site visit to the store! Ishihara Satomi also came to the bakery snack bar where Uncle Goro had breakfast?,Uncle Wulang has eaten Sichuan Dandan noodles twice, and he actually stepped on the thunder when he visited the store on the spot...
The noodle shop has no name for 30 years. The aunt in the shop is so kind~ Wuguang taster,The first small barbecue in the new year, the large piece of mutton was grilled and squeaked and oily, Fat Long exclaimed: Enjoy!
The convenience store in the early morning is so surprising, happy dinner night. 711 convenience store taster/food explorer/,There is a big crispy pork knuckle in the vegetable market. Food explorer/Wuguang taster
Tackle a late-night snack at a convenience store, and today might be my social ceiling moment. Food explorer/Wuguang taster,IQ tax snacks? Are these super weird-looking snacks really good?
Tackle a late-night snack at a convenience store, and today might be my social ceiling moment. Food explorer/Wuguang taster,At 12:00 in the middle of the night, I went to the convenience store to cook, and I ate more than 100 yuan alone. Wuguang Lawson taster/Hangzhou exploration shop
Tackle a late-night snack at a convenience store, and today might be my social ceiling moment. Food explorer/Wuguang taster,18 yuan a piece of spicy Xinjiang fried rice noodles, half of the rice cake and naan, and even drink 3 bottles of milk beer!
Is the chicken roll that is "all meat" for 3 yuan in Xixili really edible?,"Complete Record of Niu Dao Imitation Food Incident"
Handsome guy spends 3,000 packs of villas to experience super-large barbecue,Oppa buys all the food with the word "dog" in it, what exactly is in it?
Challenge to eat the biggest bowl of beef rice in Japan after get off work! ! Can it succeed,How does Japanese 80 yuan pork chop rice taste? Super crispy, with a lot of rice
What can you eat in Japan when you have no money? The cheapest beef rice chain brand? How is Matsuya?,How does Japanese 80 yuan pork chop rice taste? Super crispy, with a lot of rice
The salary of 20,000 has just arrived, satisfying my son to eat hamburgers and fried chicken. If you have the confidence, you will be blessed,This is what a burger should be like
Xiaolongkan Chef's Exploring Shop¥467,Sichuan Restaurant Chef's Exploring Shop¥673
3 packs of creamy turkey noodles, 4 fried sausages, hot and sour, Xiao Ting eats with a red face and a thick neck,Xiaoting eats Mao Xuewang today and makes a big pot with ingredients that can be found in the refrigerator, she is happy
Challenge the spicy Xinjiang fried wide noodles, I thought it was a bronze but I didn't expect it to be a king. Wuguang taster/food explorer,The young man made his own hot pot with hot and spicy numbness. Not only the red oil is rolling on the bottom of the pot, but the oil dish is also filled with spicy millet.
Spend 25 yuan to eat Xinjiang fried rice noodles, the ecstasy is more spicier than the spiciness, and drinking 4 bottles of drinks in a row is too much fun!,[Hunky Pearl Cookie Pudding Tart]Crispy on the outside and tender on the inside!
Try eating the super-large giant claw human face crab, it really looks like a human face, and almost died of salt after eating it,Try the roasted whole lamb of 1680, the crispy skin and tender meat are too fragrant, the guy ate a whole leg
3500 king crabs, full of crab roe after opening, delicious enough to fly,It was the first time that the guy ate pork chop buns, and he added 100 pieces of pork chop meat directly. It was so enjoyable!
Crazy! A restaurant that dares to call itself the "God of Sushi"! Bet on a month's rent to eat!,IKEA has a Christmas buffet? 168/person, unlimited 29-course meals!
[Manshi Slow Talk] 12,345 ways to open sparkling water, you can still drink it like this~,[Manshi Slow Talk] Refuse unpalatable fat-reducing meals! It's not heavy for a week, it's super delicious and fat-reducing lunch is done in one go
1 million copies sold! ? Can you eat super cheap snacks at Pinxixi?,The chef teaches you: the home-cooked method of "potatoes and eggplants", the taste is very good, save it first
Handsome guy spends 3,000 packs of villas to experience super-large barbecue,The guy spent 682 yuan to buy an instant noodle machine imported from Japan. Will the noodles made with this bubble be more delicious?
[Kaishou Eat Broadcasting Collection 98] Octopus Headshot,Late night cooking, a long-lost dessert feast, 1 plate of Korean fried noodles, a plate of McNuggets, Bashi!
The "half-meter-long" lobster is held and eaten in the street! ! Feel the magical American food stalls,Open the box of 84,000 bluefin tuna and make it into a Hawaiian rice bowl
The handsome guy bought all the skewers in the barbecue shop because he hadn't eaten skewers for too long!,What do rich people living in the most expensive neighborhoods in Shanghai eat? 10,000 yuan to explore the cafeteria in the rich area of ​​the store
A 30-year-old BBQ restaurant! 10 yuan for a string of red willow roast beef, 2 yuan for a string of barbecue, eating meat is too satisfying!,At 12:00 in the middle of the night, I went to the convenience store to cook, and I ate more than 100 yuan alone. Wuguang Lawson taster/Hangzhou exploration shop
Thai Food: Luxury Crab Fried Rice Ten pounds of crabs make a crab meat fried rice and feel really worth it,The must-see seafood opening method of Thailand's self-service live grilled shrimp
Cooked a big New Year's Eve dinner for a German roommate, and he was shocked!,Juchunyuan Chef's Exploring Shop¥17?6
Thai food: handmade coffee from roadside stalls in Bangkok is cheap, delicious, fragrant and silky, and a cup of slow life,[Miss Gao]Fish and fish in pulpy water
[Russian Food Aesthetics] The Russian way of eating baguettes,Cooked a big New Year's Eve dinner for a German roommate, and he was shocked!
100 yuan to eat fried skewers in the northeast, a large plate came up, and the crunch was so crisp that the scalp was crispy!,Changchun's old-fashioned soup dumplings, take a bite and burst into the juice! Paired with the unique roast chicken and sanxian, another bite of rice is a carb explosion!
Indian street fried noodles, my eldest brother and I have known each other before, it is not easy to know, he gives me a lot of noodles every time!,KFC, McDonald's, Dicos, which crispy pistol leg is better? What's the difference?
Jiangxi's snacks are not pulled at all! ?,Absolutely! 100 yuan to buy 10 kinds of snacks on Pinduo, 10 yuan can buy a large package of fish skin silk?
After the sea ebb, Daqing rushed to the sea to find a lot of limpets sucked on the reefs, but they couldn't catch them if they were slow.,After the sea ebbs, Daqing rushes to the sea and meets Haizhi. Lying in the sand is rare. There are also sea duck eggs.
Pink Food Challenge! Choose your favorite food through the game, how is your luck?,Pink Food Challenge! Choose your favorite food through the game, how is your luck?
This mother-in-law is spoiled. She secretly told the fat girl that she wanted to eat barbecue. The fat girl's approach was so heartwarming.,In order to please the lucky girl, the fat girl bought 2 ostrich claws for her mother-in-law and simmered them in an iron pot. It was spicy and delicious to eat.
Sausage Ceiling,[Braised eggplant noodles] If I am guilty, the law will punish me, not let me know that there is such a thing as eggplant noodles in the world. Who is responsible for eating fat?
Do you know what the highest state of eating a buffet is?,The most expensive buffet in the United States is 700 per person, and 300 pounds of wagyu can eat unlimited! Can I get my money back?
One of the top ten buffets in the world! Known as the world's most luxurious buffet, you can eat lobster and foie gras!,America's No. 1 Asian Supermarket Dry Rice, $14.32 Korean Fried Chicken, Can KFC Fight?
Try to eat the deep-sea monster, the messenger of the Dragon Palace, do you think it will overturn?,The first time I ate such a beautiful lobster, Western reef crayfish, it was super invincible and delicious
The chef teaches you how to make tofu with oyster sauce,Cantonese cuisine "Squid and Shrimp Pot", it is very happy to eat a hot pot when it is cold
Try to eat the deep-sea monster, the messenger of the Dragon Palace, do you think it will overturn?,Sichuan Restaurant Chef's Exploring Shop¥673
Try the red phoenix snail, boiled in coconut milk, the delicious food can't stop,Try the American roasted whole pig, a whole 65 jins! The foreign lady is so greedy that she takes the initiative to strike up a conversation
Try to eat the deep-sea monster, the messenger of the Dragon Palace, do you think it will overturn?,What do rich people living in the most expensive neighborhoods in Shanghai eat? 10,000 yuan to explore the cafeteria in the rich area of ​​the store
Try to eat the deep-sea monster, the messenger of the Dragon Palace, do you think it will overturn?,"Spicy and bursting" spicy roasted chicken legs, it is still sloppy to drive hundreds of kilometers to eat
Eat hot pot in isolation at home alone! Hairy Belly, Melaleuca Belly, Fried Eggs and Fat Beef! Niu Sanxian Hot Pot is really amazing!,Challenge the "strongest noise" snack, the sound is so loud that your hearing is damaged, which ones have you eaten?
The mother-in-law is also an old child. It snows heavily, and the fat girl is having a good time. The snowman she builds looks like a fat girl.,This mother-in-law is spoiled. She secretly told the fat girl that she wanted to eat barbecue. The fat girl's approach was so heartwarming.
The mother-in-law is also an old child. It snows heavily, and the fat girl is having a good time. The snowman she builds looks like a fat girl.,The mother-in-law is also an old child. It snows heavily, and the fat girl is having a good time. The snowman she builds looks like a fat girl.
For the first time in the new year, Dayang prepared a big gift for the fat girl, full of sense of ceremony, so warm,[Superman is back] Song family triplets fish cake rice sausage eat broadcast cut
The mother-in-law is also an old child. It snows heavily, and the fat girl is having a good time. The snowman she builds looks like a fat girl.,This mother-in-law is spoiled. She secretly told the fat girl that she wanted to eat barbecue. The fat girl's approach was so heartwarming.
The mother-in-law is also an old child. It snows heavily, and the fat girl is having a good time. The snowman she builds looks like a fat girl.,This mother-in-law is spoiled. She secretly told the fat girl that she wanted to eat barbecue. The fat girl's approach was so heartwarming.
This mother-in-law is spoiled. She secretly told the fat girl that she wanted to eat barbecue. The fat girl's approach was so heartwarming.,Homemade Korean noodles are so delicious! Served with All Purpose Noodle Sauce! Jiang Canteen's same style noodles
[Twice Spicy Turkey Noodles Challenge]Challenge twice as spicy turkey noodles, and a purple rice bread with a thin crust and a lot of filling!,Turkey Noodles: I don't know anything about the spiciness of ghost pepper noodles!
Why does this watermelon sell me 150 yuan? When I opened it, I was dumbfounded (｡ì _ í｡),The imperial dish of the palace - squirrel mandarin fish Is it a squirrel or a mandarin fish? ? ?
Chengdu's spicy "sausage mouth" chicken wings, with a piece of oily crispy pork belly for 33 yuan, it will be spicy on the spot after eating it into a sausage mouth,Exploring a restaurant in Shanghai with a meal of 400,000 yuan, what kind of food is so expensive!
Exploring a restaurant in Shanghai with a meal of 400,000 yuan, what kind of food is so expensive!,IQ tax ice cream? Are these super outrageous ice creams really good?
With a knife, it almost sent me away...,Fake braised pork with rice? I'll take a sip directly...
Can you really eat the "headshot big octopus" in a box of 2 yuan and 5 in Pin Xixili?,I thought it was a big steamed bun, but I stabbed it down and cried!
what is this? Can you eat? I took a bite and didn't expect...,I thought it was a big steamed bun, but I stabbed it down and cried!
Try eating 108 yuan a barrel of instant noodles. How is the taste of such expensive instant noodles different from ordinary instant noodles?,I thought it was a big steamed bun, but I stabbed it down and cried!
McDonald's: Is it your kid who leaked my secret recipe? [Mai Spicy Chicken Thigh Burger],10 dollars! I made the best fried chicken in the world!
1 million copies sold? Can you eat super cheap snacks at Pinxixi?,1.4W bought an oversized watermelon, 150 jins heavier than a person, two people can't lift it
The "half-meter-long" lobster is held and eaten in the street! ! Feel the magical American food stalls,Visit NBA Curry's BBQ! ¥1200 American slow roast beef, is it worth it?
Thai food: handmade coffee from roadside stalls in Bangkok is cheap, delicious, fragrant and silky, and a cup of slow life,Dry! net! again! guard! pregnancy! of aloe vera juice! Send it to your friends who love the most
Thai Food: Locals in Bangkok's Chinatown line up to eat charcoal-grilled cuttlefish and octopus Q bomb sour, spicy and refreshing,"Spicy and bursting" spicy roasted chicken legs, it is still sloppy to drive hundreds of kilometers to eat
Thai food: handmade coffee from roadside stalls in Bangkok is cheap, delicious, fragrant and silky, and a cup of slow life,Thai food: Thai-style pork feet rice is silky, fragrant, soft, glutinous and not greasy, and you will fall in love with it
Thai food: handmade coffee from roadside stalls in Bangkok is cheap, delicious, fragrant and silky, and a cup of slow life,Japanese: I didn't expect this little day to be getting harder and harder!
Thai food: handmade coffee from roadside stalls in Bangkok is cheap, delicious, fragrant and silky, and a cup of slow life,Thai Food: Luxury Crab Fried Rice Ten pounds of crabs make a crab meat fried rice and feel really worth it
Known as the hottest skewer in Chengdu! Does it really bring tears to your eyes?,collapse! What will happen to a Japanese girl who cheats a Japanese girl for 2,000 yuan per pound of watermelon, and breaks it on purpose to make her pay...
Thai food: The roadside carpet is plump and the grilled squid is thick, tender and chewy, sour, spicy and enjoyable,With a knife, it almost sent me away...
Xiaolongkan Chef's Exploring Shop¥467,[Bi Dao VLOG]Take you to eat the biggest elbow in Germany, if you can eat the whole thing, I will call you dad!
Try to eat the deep-sea monster, the messenger of the Dragon Palace, do you think it will overturn?,[Blueberry Popped Egg Tart]Stop! Stop tempting me with your flow!
[Sand Sculpture Horror Animation]Don't eat instant noodles in school! ! !,The world's largest instant noodles 4184 calories, the handsome guy collapsed after eating
Challenge the biggest sushi in Japan! One turned out to be 5 kilograms! !,[Orange Flying Exploration Store] Conveyor sushi also has a self-service mode? The guy ate 51 plates! The manager kept taking pictures.
Challenge the biggest sushi in Japan! One turned out to be 5 kilograms! !,Challenge Japanese Sumo Restaurant! Do ordinary people really eat it?
Visit NBA Curry's BBQ! ¥1200 American slow roast beef, is it worth it?,Visit the NBA Golden State Warriors Arena Restaurant! What is the experience of cooking with VIP tickets? The handsome guy has come to brush his face again
Visit NBA Curry's BBQ! ¥1200 American slow roast beef, is it worth it?,The Chinese guy visits the No. 1 barbecue restaurant in the United States. What level of barbecue does the president need to line up?
The guy tried the super spicy turkey noodles,The young man made his own hot pot with hot and spicy numbness. Not only the red oil is rolling on the bottom of the pot, but the oil dish is also filled with spicy millet.
Juchunyuan Chef's Exploring Shop¥17?6,KFC's fried sauce noodles, unexpected | The real investigation is here
Daqing was rushing to the sea. After the tide was low, I found that a small octopus was stuck on the edge of the oyster shell, and there were large clams.,Daqing rushed to the sea and found that a puffer fish bigger than a hand would turn into a ball when angry, a good way to polish shoes
After the sea ebb, Daqing rushed to the sea and found that there were octopuses and mini sea urchins hiding in the big clams.,Daqing was rushing to the sea. After the tide was low, I found that a small octopus was stuck on the edge of the oyster shell, and there were large clams.
It is said that Japanese sumo wrestlers can't finish this noodles? The handsome guy spent 9 hours eating alone, it's wonderful,Is it delicious to make egg custard from 250 bags of "Kang Shuaifu" seasoning packets?
McDonald's: Is it your kid who leaked my secret recipe? [Mai Spicy Chicken Thigh Burger],Spend 2380 yuan to eat an abalone, do you think I am not at a loss?
A Chinese man tried a hot gout pot in Japan, and after eating a pot, he...,What is the best product from Dicos? Guys, buy it all and try it!
Try the popping peach snow Mei Niang, cool and soft to drive away the summer~,799 one! Fully booked, only ten dishes... How delicious will it be?
The 4,000 yen oyster self-service, the Chinese man ran to challenge to make up his body? result…,What do KFCs in Japan sell? Chinese man said after buying all the products in one go... READ REVIEW
High-end sushi buffet for 4,000 yen per person, all you can eat in 90 minutes? The man wanted to eat back the money, but...,American original Sam's Club supermarket dry rice! This price and taste, and the gap between the domestic one hundred million, right?
The "cheapest" Bobo Chicken in Chengdu is 20 yuan per capita, which realizes the freedom of chicken feet. The boss doesn't want to make a fortune, so he just needs to give his son. For 19 years, he has been guarding his own shop steadily.,High-end sushi buffet for 4,000 yen per person, all you can eat in 90 minutes? The man wanted to eat back the money, but...
One of the top ten buffets in the world! Known as the world's most luxurious buffet, you can eat lobster and foie gras!,Thai Food: Seafood Takeaways That Thai Celebrities Love to Order The Ceiling of Seafood Takeaways in Bangkok
Try to eat the deep-sea monster, the messenger of the Dragon Palace, do you think it will overturn?,What do rich people living in the most expensive neighborhoods in Shanghai eat? 10,000 yuan to explore the cafeteria in the rich area of ​​the store
Poached Egg: Go down with one knife, and the audit will call the ceiling! !,One person spends more than 200 yuan to sweep the convenience store food, donuts / soy milk boxes / salted egg yolk green balls, there are too many delicious food!
Thai food: The roadside carpet is plump and the grilled squid is thick, tender and chewy, sour, spicy and enjoyable,Thai food: Thai-style pork feet rice is silky, fragrant, soft, glutinous and not greasy, and you will fall in love with it
Thai food: Thai-style pork feet rice is silky, fragrant, soft, glutinous and not greasy, and you will fall in love with it,Thai Food: Luxury Crab Fried Rice Ten pounds of crabs make a crab meat fried rice and feel really worth it
Thai food: Thai-style pork feet rice is silky, fragrant, soft, glutinous and not greasy, and you will fall in love with it,Guangzhou Garden Hotel Tai'anmen Chef's Exploring Store ¥5? ? 8.4
Thai food: The roadside carpet is plump and the grilled squid is thick, tender and chewy, sour, spicy and enjoyable,Thai food: Thai-style pork feet rice is silky, fragrant, soft, glutinous and not greasy, and you will fall in love with it
Live octopus is mixing cold noodles! ? Sweet and sour live octopus mixed with cold noodles, you will be hooked in one bite,The chef teaches you: the home-cooked method of "potatoes and eggplants", the taste is very good, save it first
Dry! net! again! guard! pregnancy! of aloe vera juice! Send it to your friends who love the most,The guy only eats blue food for 24 hours, and finally his mouth turns blue
Juchunyuan Chef's Exploring Shop¥17?6,"Tan Talks Food" Erxianqiao encounters Tan Sir, Zhangkou is an old cross talk artist [laughter]
When the chicken is handed over to the Northeasterners, the bones will make incense for you! Eating 3 thieves in a row is strong ,The new chicken chop is finished! The spirit of eating halberd is restored with fried chicken!
[Russian Food Aesthetics] Fried milk - advanced eating method of milk,The whole process of a piece of ice from mother ice to diamond ice
Indian street, delicious egg instant noodles!,America's No. 1 Asian Supermarket Dry Rice, $14.32 Korean Fried Chicken, Can KFC Fight?
The "half-meter-long" lobster is held and eaten in the street! ! Feel the magical American food stalls,The first time I ate such a beautiful lobster, Western reef crayfish, it was super invincible and delicious
5 pounds of butter is fresh and spicy! The bottom of this hot pot is afraid that it is delicious to boil the soles | Chengdu Delicious Exploration Store,I was shocked after only one bite, the ultimate way to eat lobster is like this
Try to eat the deep-sea monster, the messenger of the Dragon Palace, do you think it will overturn?,The first time I ate such a beautiful lobster, Western reef crayfish, it was super invincible and delicious
When you eat hot pot in Chengdu, do you eat hairy belly as noodles? What a big family this is! [Pirates of the Moon Club x Wang Baa],Soviet veterans cut 10 pounds of sausage to make "Russian soup"! A bowl full of a dozen kinds of meat
Visit NBA Curry's BBQ! ¥1200 American slow roast beef, is it worth it?,At 12:00 in the middle of the night, I went to the convenience store to cook, and I ate more than 100 yuan alone. Wuguang Lawson taster/Hangzhou exploration shop
Thai Food: Luxury Crab Fried Rice Ten pounds of crabs make a crab meat fried rice and feel really worth it,Is the milk tea making method on Douyin really reliable? After the guy tried it, he felt that he had made a profit
Brother's Bento｜When classmates want to taste my sister's craft!  … I made it…???,Dinner with the younger brother | The younger brother said, these are not enough to eat??
Brother's Bento｜When classmates want to taste my sister's craft!  … I made it…???,[Roasted Cold Noodles] Stall owner: The ancestral secret recipe was cracked by this kid! ?
[Sad Crispy Pork][Guide to Homemade Perfect Crispy Pork],[Spicy Hot Pot] Huge Fee Rice! ! Do it N times! Must try! I fell in love with you in high school
After the sea ebbs, Daqing rushes to the sea and meets Haizhi. Lying in the sand is rare. There are also sea duck eggs.,Autumn leaf dumplings, pleated bag practice
My brother said that my roast suckling pig sells at least 2000 in restaurants! Do you think it's worth it?,Try eating two and a half kilograms of giant oysters. This is really the largest oyster I have ever seen!
Eat hot pot in isolation at home alone! Hairy Belly, Melaleuca Belly, Fried Eggs and Fat Beef! Niu Sanxian Hot Pot is really amazing!,[Manshi Slow Talk] Refuse unpalatable fat-reducing meals! It's not heavy for a week, it's super delicious and fat-reducing lunch is done in one go
I ate fried snail noodles today,He learned to beat eggs with one hand. Roommate: If you can watch it, but not eat it, it's a big failure!
Seafood barbecue hot pot buffet for 78 yuan per person, can you eat back?,IKEA has a Christmas buffet? 168/person, unlimited 29-course meals!
America's No. 1 Asian Supermarket Dry Rice, $14.32 Korean Fried Chicken, Can KFC Fight?,America's No. 1 Asian Supermarket Dry Rice, $14.32 Korean Fried Chicken, Can KFC Fight?
I love this bowl of hot and sour soup when it’s cold,I love this bowl of hot and sour soup when it’s cold
Imitation of the six major platforms to eat fried chicken, the taste is too strong,Try the 900 box of Spanish Red Devil Shrimp, which is indeed the best shrimp praised by gourmets
After the sea ebb, Daqing rushed to the sea and found that there were octopuses and mini sea urchins hiding in the big clams.,After the sea ebb, Daqing dug up a sea anemone that was longer than an arm, and a big king razor.
After the sea ebb, Daqing rushed to the sea to dig up red corals on the mudflat and took them home to study.,Daqing rushed to the sea and found that a puffer fish bigger than a hand would turn into a ball when angry, a good way to polish shoes
Daqing was rushing to the sea. After the tide was low, he found a miniature puffer fish hiding in the sand. He could even polish his shoes when he was angry.,After the sea ebbs, Daqing rushes to the sea and meets Haizhi. Lying in the sand is rare. There are also sea duck eggs.
Daqing was rushing to the sea. After the tide was low, he found a miniature puffer fish hiding in the sand. He could even polish his shoes when he was angry.,After the sea ebb, Daqing rushed to the sea to dig up red corals on the mudflat and took them home to study.
Is the "Brushed Snacks" of the popular sound a IQ tax or is it really delicious?,340 yuan for dozens of grams of snacks? American astronauts eat this in space?
Is the "Brushed Snacks" of the popular sound a IQ tax or is it really delicious?,[NARANG Chinese character] Shrimp, Shrimp Sushi, Sea Grape Real Voice
Can you really eat the "headshot big octopus" in a box of 2 yuan and 5 in Pin Xixili?,Is the "Brushed Snacks" of the popular sound a IQ tax or is it really delicious?
IQ tax snacks? Are these super weird-looking snacks really good?,[Godfather of Carbonated Acid|Abyss Giant Throat]Iced Coffee Ice Brain
Mini kitchen, 2 yuan cost to reproduce Li Ziqi purple potato rice cake,Mini kitchen, 2 yuan cost to reproduce Li Ziqi purple potato rice cake
Try fried live scorpions! High energy throughout. . .,It is suggested to change to: pig singing dragon hoof
Can you really eat the "headshot big octopus" in a box of 2 yuan and 5 in Pin Xixili?,Mini kitchen, homemade snacks that can be eaten in class "2", the teacher found out that I lost!
Mini kitchen, homemade snacks that can be eaten in class "2", the teacher found out that I lost!,Mini kitchen, make a big table of New Year's Eve dinner, the kind of a big plate
Who invented the sesame sauce dumplings?,Let the friends of the American daughter-in-law see the charm of dumplings, "as if entering another world" hahahaha! !
The world's first soup recorded in the food classics! Eat this in one bite...,Dinghu Shangsu in the Manchu and Han banquets! Combining 19 kinds of vegetarian dishes can actually make meat flavor!
KFC's fried sauce noodles, unexpected | The real investigation is here,Do you think Kaifengcai's spicy chicken wings are delicious? Can it be made at home?
The world's first soup recorded in the food classics! Eat this in one bite...,Is this Yile Ramen? It turns out that Naruto's food is so good!
The world's first soup recorded in the food classics! Eat this in one bite...,The world's first soup recorded in the food classics! Eat this in one bite...
It takes a hundred flowers to make a bowl of soup! I just started to cry!,Does Pakistan also drink this drink? Much better than Asan's
The world's first soup recorded in the food classics! Eat this in one bite...,Blue Lava Frozen Milk[y.na]Feel the refreshing coolness
Xiaolongkan Chef's Exploring Shop¥467,Sichuan Restaurant Chef's Exploring Shop¥673
After the sea ebb, Daqing dug up a sea anemone that was longer than an arm, and a big king razor.,I am an egg, I am very square! Someone made me look like I can't eat it!
It takes a hundred flowers to make a bowl of soup! I just started to cry!,After the jade dragon tendon and the glazed fish bone, the last eight dishes in the sturgeon dragon banquet are finally here! !
So brutal! If you don't drool, I lose! The first fried rice noodles in Xinjiang must be spicy!,"Stinky Boy"
Try a pack of German military rations for 500 yuan, which is full of black technology!,Try the French field rations, the taste is the best in the world! No wonder you don't want to fight after eating!
Fried Egg Noodles｜I'm here to make noodles again~ This time, the C-rank debuted with poached eggs, and only eggs and noodles can make super delicious braised noodles! Remember to eat well!,Great fragrance! Mom praises my tomato bolognese, at least two bowls are enough!
I spent 30,000 in anger, just to find out what was in the two pieces of sausage [Dad Evaluation],Try eating two and a half kilograms of giant oysters. This is really the largest oyster I have ever seen!
After the sea ebb, Daqing rushed to the sea and found a nest of babies on the belly of the mother crab, and there were small snails all over the ground,Does Pakistan also drink this drink? Much better than Asan's
After the sea ebb, Daqing rushed to the sea and found a nest of babies on the belly of the mother crab, and there were small snails all over the ground,"Tan Talks Food" Erxianqiao encounters Tan Sir, Zhangkou is an old cross talk artist [laughter]
Daqing rushed to the sea and found that a puffer fish bigger than a hand would turn into a ball when angry, a good way to polish shoes,What do rich people living in the most expensive neighborhoods in Shanghai eat? 10,000 yuan to explore the cafeteria in the rich area of ​​the store
After the sea ebb, Daqing rushed to the sea and found a nest of babies on the belly of the mother crab, and there were small snails all over the ground,This is a knife that can cut desserts into cats!
Juchunyuan Chef's Exploring Shop¥17?6,Your most voted "Crazy Neon Chinese" video is finally here
Try a box of super expensive instant noodles for 180 yuan! What does it taste like?,The world's largest instant noodles 4184 calories, the handsome guy collapsed after eating
Crispy Pork Belly Challenge: Eat two pieces within five minutes for free, can the fat friend succeed in the challenge?,Realistic version of MC watermelon? I made a Japanese square watermelon for 600 yuan!
[Imitation needs to be cautious] Japanese-style wonderful food mix and match Part2 Drinks,Blast! The brown sugar dumplings hidden in the old community, let foreigners...
Try the top 5 snacks from Pinxixi and a certain treasure! What will be the difference in taste?,And Xixi is really fragrant! Ghetto girl look over here, I dug up the treasure!
The best way to eat eggplant, I have studied it for 3 years, it is less oily and refreshing. My family eats it 5 times a week, which is more fragrant than eating meat.,When Russian girlfriend encounters Chinese hot pot: she is out of control... help~
Xiaolongkan Chef's Exploring Shop¥467,Chao Haowei Chef's Exploring Store ¥2888
IQ tax snacks? Are these super weird-looking snacks really good?,Can you really eat the "headshot big octopus" in a box of 2 yuan and 5 in Pin Xixili?
America's No. 1 Asian Supermarket Dry Rice, $14.32 Korean Fried Chicken, Can KFC Fight?,America's No. 1 Asian Supermarket Dry Rice, $14.32 Korean Fried Chicken, Can KFC Fight?
Challenge the ghost pepper noodles that are popular all over the Internet, a cup of noodles has a spiciness of 1 million, and your mouth will swell when you eat it!,Challenge the "strongest noise" snack, the sound is so loud that your hearing is damaged, which ones have you eaten?
Poached Egg: Go down with one knife, and the audit will call the ceiling! !,"Sam's Supermarket" cake full evaluation! How much does it cost to buy it all back?
Thai food: The roadside carpet is plump and the grilled squid is thick, tender and chewy, sour, spicy and enjoyable,The must-see seafood opening method of Thailand's self-service live grilled shrimp
Hot and Sour Noodles Meat Zongzi,Spend 100 yuan to buy ingredients, make fat beef pot, and eat deliciously.
Anti-counterfeiting red envelopes chocolate, is there any cheating on the Internet?,The front is extremely comfortable! Chocolate is actually made this way? !
Thai food: The roadside carpet is plump and the grilled squid is thick, tender and chewy, sour, spicy and enjoyable,Thai Food: Locals in Bangkok's Chinatown line up to eat charcoal-grilled cuttlefish and octopus Q bomb sour, spicy and refreshing
Chengdu's "worst" old hotpot, invincible millebellum to eat face to face, 23 yuan a plate can't stop eating, continue until the boss finishes smiling,Chengdu is "tender to spicy and spicy", the duck intestines are tender and watery, a large pot of more than 100, and it can't be beat without 2 bowls of rice
IQ tax snacks? Are these outrageous-looking snacks really good?,The most outrageous instant noodles ever! Are these dark flavored instant noodles really edible?
IQ tax snacks? Are these outrageous-looking snacks really good?,Cheapest kebabs in the country! A bunch of hair! What kind of experience is it to smash 1000 strings?
Cheapest kebabs in the country! A bunch of hair! What kind of experience is it to smash 1000 strings?,The most outrageous instant noodles ever! Are these dark flavored instant noodles really edible?
IQ tax ice cream? Are these super outrageous ice creams really good?,IQ tax snacks? Are these outrageous-looking snacks really good?
Is the chicken roll that is "all meat" for 3 yuan in Xixili really edible?,340 yuan for dozens of grams of snacks? American astronauts eat this in space?
Is the chicken roll that is "all meat" for 3 yuan in Xixili really edible?,340 yuan for dozens of grams of snacks? American astronauts eat this in space?
IQ tax snacks? Are these super weird-looking snacks really good?,Can you really eat "big elbows" that cost 5 yuan a piece in Xixili?
IQ tax snacks? Are these outrageous-looking snacks really good?,Chengdu's "worst" old hotpot, invincible millebellum to eat face to face, 23 yuan a plate can't stop eating, continue until the boss finishes smiling
Is the chicken roll that is "all meat" for 3 yuan in Xixili really edible?,IQ tax snacks? Are these super weird-looking snacks really good?
IQ tax ice cream? Are these super outrageous ice creams really good?,[Takeaway Showdown] What is the difference between the cheapest seafood master at 46 yuan and the most expensive seafood master at 500 yuan?
what is this? Can you eat? I took a bite and didn't expect...,What do rich people living in the most expensive neighborhoods in Shanghai eat? 10,000 yuan to explore the cafeteria in the rich area of ​​the store
I bought an M6 Tomahawk steak for 400 yuan. The handsome guy used the new oven to cook American-style stew. It's so delicious.,My brother said that my roast suckling pig sells at least 2000 in restaurants! Do you think it's worth it?
It took the young man three days to "make a duck" for the first time in his life, and he felt pretty good?,Handsome guy's homemade popular online snack "Crispy Large Intestine" takes a bite and sprays stuffing!
Sichuan Restaurant Chef's Exploring Shop¥673,Dwayne Johnson's Homemade Late Night Dessert Rock Toast (Supplementary Daily)
Try to eat the deep-sea monster, the messenger of the Dragon Palace, do you think it will overturn?,A collection of delicious and simple soup noodles, you don't need to eat instant noodles when you learn
Thai food: The roadside carpet is plump and the grilled squid is thick, tender and chewy, sour, spicy and enjoyable,The must-see seafood opening method of Thailand's self-service live grilled shrimp
Thai Food: Can You Believe It? Is this ice cream? The cute cat ice cream is so realistic that I can't bear it,The must-see seafood opening method of Thailand's self-service live grilled shrimp
Eat hot pot in isolation at home alone! Hairy Belly, Melaleuca Belly, Fried Eggs and Fat Beef! Niu Sanxian Hot Pot is really amazing!,My brother said that my roast suckling pig sells at least 2000 in restaurants! Do you think it's worth it?
Eat hot pot in isolation at home alone! Hairy Belly, Melaleuca Belly, Fried Eggs and Fat Beef! Niu Sanxian Hot Pot is really amazing!,Xiaoting eats Mao Xuewang today and makes a big pot with ingredients that can be found in the refrigerator, she is happy
Eat hot pot in isolation at home alone! Hairy Belly, Melaleuca Belly, Fried Eggs and Fat Beef! Niu Sanxian Hot Pot is really amazing!,Chengdu's "worst" old hotpot, invincible millebellum to eat face to face, 23 yuan a plate can't stop eating, continue until the boss finishes smiling
1.4W bought an oversized watermelon, 150 jins heavier than a person, two people can't lift it,[Waterfall Slippery Egg Fried Pork Chop] How can happiness be bursting without bursting energy? !
Boneless chicken legs, one bite at a time, let's make it quickly,[Three Juice Stew Pot] After eating this pot, say goodbye to 2019!
Xiaolongkan Chef's Exploring Shop¥467,Burying pig skins in 200°C sand, how delicious is it? It exploded like a firecracker! ! !
Try to eat the deep-sea monster, the messenger of the Dragon Palace, do you think it will overturn?,Spicy warning! After trying to juice 10000g of millet peppers, what happens when you drink it in one sip?
Try to eat the deep-sea monster, the messenger of the Dragon Palace, do you think it will overturn?,I made a bowl of ramen with dogtail grass
Xiaolongkan Chef's Exploring Shop¥467,One person spends more than 200 yuan to sweep the convenience store food, donuts / soy milk boxes / salted egg yolk green balls, there are too many delicious food!
The chef teaches you: the home-cooked method of "potatoes and eggplants", the taste is very good, save it first,The chef teaches you: the home-cooked method of "roasted sea bass in vinegar", the taste is fresh and tender, and the taste is very good.
Sichuan Restaurant Chef's Exploring Shop¥673,The chef shares 6 super delicious soup base recipes, common for cooking noodles, dumplings, wontons, dry goods collection
The handsome guy made his own fried skewers at the entrance of the school, and it tasted even better than the ones sold at the entrance of the school!,[Family Grilled Fish]Sorry, but I couldn't hold back my drool...sizzle!
Xiaolongkan Chef's Exploring Shop¥467,Sichuan Restaurant Chef's Exploring Shop¥673
Buy 100 yuan of crispy fried chicken thighs, a large plate full, served with instant noodles, must have fun today!,Buy 100 yuan of crispy fried chicken thighs, a large plate full, served with instant noodles, must have fun today!
Half the snacks are half cheaper! 34 popular snacks! The summary of the Baicao Flavor Foundry Series (non-wide) is not wide in the whole process, I bought it myself. Absolutely true, watch it with confidence~,Dwayne Johnson's Homemade Late Night Dessert Rock Toast (Supplementary Daily)
Challenge to eat the biggest bowl of beef rice in Japan after get off work! ! Can it succeed,What can you eat in Japan when you have no money? The cheapest beef rice chain brand? How is Matsuya?
Challenge to eat the biggest bowl of beef rice in Japan after get off work! ! Can it succeed,Eating a vicious round crab for the first time on the Internet is like eating a zombie, and I still feel sick to this day
Challenge to eat the biggest bowl of beef rice in Japan after get off work! ! Can it succeed,What can you eat in Japan when you have no money? The cheapest beef rice chain brand? How is Matsuya?
The Japanese wife teaches you how to make crispy, delicious, and not greasy Japanese fried chicken [Japanese wife's private kitchen,Lao Feng teaches you to make "Cumin Mutton"
Try the weird drink! Transparent milk? Bread-flavored soda?,The guy only eats blue food for 24 hours, and finally his mouth turns blue
For 800 yuan for this piece of meat, the handsome guy has three ways to experience it in one bite!,Oppa bought all kinds of chuan chuan in the Lawson convenience store, and ate them all at home. It was so fun!
The handsome guy made his own fried skewers at the entrance of the school, and it tasted even better than the ones sold at the entrance of the school!,"The handsome guy made cilantro into five ways, people who don't like it are drooling"
I bought an M6 Tomahawk steak for 400 yuan. The handsome guy used the new oven to cook American-style stew. It's so delicious.,What do rich people living in the most expensive neighborhoods in Shanghai eat? 10,000 yuan to explore the cafeteria in the rich area of ​​the store
For 800 yuan for this piece of meat, the handsome guy has three ways to experience it in one bite!,"Spicy and bursting" spicy roasted chicken legs, it is still sloppy to drive hundreds of kilometers to eat
For 800 yuan for this piece of meat, the handsome guy has three ways to experience it in one bite!,Handsome guy's homemade popular online snack "Crispy Large Intestine" takes a bite and sprays stuffing!
"The handsome guy made cilantro into five ways, people who don't like it are drooling",The guy loves eating aloe vera, so he bought a 25-pound super-large aloe vera online, ready to cook
For 800 yuan for this piece of meat, the handsome guy has three ways to experience it in one bite!,The first time I saw such a big purple sea urchin, I thought I was going to make a lot of money, but it turned over again.
The handsome guy made his own fried skewers at the entrance of the school, and it tasted even better than the ones sold at the entrance of the school!,What do rich people living in the most expensive neighborhoods in Shanghai eat? 10,000 yuan to explore the cafeteria in the rich area of ​​the store
Delicious spicy squid, so delicious that you can't stop,Oppa bought all kinds of chuan chuan in the Lawson convenience store, and ate them all at home. It was so fun!
Xiaolongkan Chef's Exploring Shop¥467,The crayfish is also delicious. I made 3 pounds of it at one time today, and it was really refreshing.
Indian street fried noodles, my eldest brother and I have known each other before, it is not easy to know, he gives me a lot of noodles every time!,Does Pakistan also drink this drink? Much better than Asan's
Does BBQ Really Cause Cancer? Angrily bought more than 800 yuan of barbecue and sent it to the laboratory, and I will show you the actual measurement!,Try the oversized coconut crab! Crab paste actually burst the king crab!
Xiaolongkan Chef's Exploring Shop¥467,The first diamond mooncakes at Station B! !
One of the top ten buffets in the world! Known as the world's most luxurious buffet, you can eat lobster and foie gras!,The 46-year-old Henan eldest sister made her own grilled chicken skin and sold more than 500 skewers in one night.
America's No. 1 Asian Supermarket Dry Rice, $14.32 Korean Fried Chicken, Can KFC Fight?,Can 100 yuan "sweep" street food in American night markets?
[Takeaway Showdown] What is the difference between the cheapest seafood master at 46 yuan and the most expensive seafood master at 500 yuan?,little girl selling milk tea
[Takeaway Showdown] What is the difference between the cheapest seafood master at 46 yuan and the most expensive seafood master at 500 yuan?,[Takeaway Showdown] What is the price difference between the cheapest fried chicken at RMB 13 and the most expensive fried chicken at RMB 72?
[Takeaway Showdown] What is the difference between the cheapest seafood master at 46 yuan and the most expensive seafood master at 500 yuan?,IQ tax snacks? Are these super weird-looking snacks really good?
what is this? Can you eat? I took a bite and didn't expect...,Try a pack of German military rations for 500 yuan, which is full of black technology!
It has been three years since the video was filmed, and this is the first time the two handsome guys have eaten such a delicious barbecue!,The prawns that are bigger than my palm cost more than 100 yuan each. The handsome guys are all made with minced garlic and they are delicious.
Thai Food: Luxury Crab Fried Rice Ten pounds of crabs make a crab meat fried rice and feel really worth it,Thai Food: Locals in Bangkok's Chinatown line up to eat charcoal-grilled cuttlefish and octopus Q bomb sour, spicy and refreshing
"The handsome guy made cilantro into five ways, people who don't like it are drooling",[ New concept to make chicken ]
5 pounds of butter is fresh and spicy! The bottom of this hot pot is afraid that it is delicious to boil the soles | Chengdu Delicious Exploration Store,The "cheapest" Bobo Chicken in Chengdu is 20 yuan per capita, which realizes the freedom of chicken feet. The boss doesn't want to make a fortune, so he just needs to give his son. For 19 years, he has been guarding his own shop steadily.
Childhood memories of a fragrant cry! Bombing the crispy and fragrant squid~,Chinese food in the UK is too expensive! 60 yuan a box of xiao long bao 81 yuan a bowl of noodles 80 yuan six crayfish
Spend 100 yuan to buy 40 grilled sausages, paired with two hot and dry noodles, I really enjoyed it today!,Does BBQ Really Cause Cancer? Angrily bought more than 800 yuan of barbecue and sent it to the laboratory, and I will show you the actual measurement!
The convenience store in the early morning is so surprising, happy dinner night. 711 convenience store taster/food explorer/,Eat puffer fish raw! ? "Real man" spends 1588 yuan to challenge the whole feast of puffer fish!
Try the oversized coconut crab! Crab paste actually burst the king crab!,I am an egg, I am very square! Someone made me look like I can't eat it!
This is the home version recipe of [Crispy Fried Chicken] taught to me by an old KFC employee,Buy all the fried chicken in the Korean fried chicken shop! Juicy and juicy, crispy on the outside and tender on the inside!
It has been three years since the video was filmed, and this is the first time the two handsome guys have eaten such a delicious barbecue!,The prawns that are bigger than my palm cost more than 100 yuan each. The handsome guys are all made with minced garlic and they are delicious.
The handsome guy made his own fried skewers at the entrance of the school, and it tasted even better than the ones sold at the entrance of the school!,American original Sam's Club supermarket dry rice! This price and taste, and the gap between the domestic one hundred million, right?
Cheapest kebabs in the country! A bunch of hair! What kind of experience is it to smash 1000 strings?,On: How To Stuff Meatballs Into Egg Yolks
Gongyuan Shu Building Chef's Exploring Shop¥700,Fried Egg Noodles｜I'm here to make noodles again~ This time, the C-rank debuted with poached eggs, and only eggs and noodles can make super delicious braised noodles! Remember to eat well!
Try to eat the deep-sea monster, the messenger of the Dragon Palace, do you think it will overturn?,The guy loves to eat hot squid, so he bought a teppanyaki machine, and he can eat it at home in the future
Xiaolongkan Chef's Exploring Shop¥467,"The handsome guy made cilantro into five ways, people who don't like it are drooling"
Try to eat the deep-sea monster, the messenger of the Dragon Palace, do you think it will overturn?,One price for both? McDonald's is out!
Thai food: The roadside carpet is plump and the grilled squid is thick, tender and chewy, sour, spicy and enjoyable,Thai Food: Seafood Takeaways That Thai Celebrities Love to Order The Ceiling of Seafood Takeaways in Bangkok
Try to eat the deep-sea monster, the messenger of the Dragon Palace, do you think it will overturn?,"On How to Get Happiness from Watermelon"
Chengdu is "tender to spicy and spicy", the duck intestines are tender and watery, a large pot of more than 100, and it can't be beat without 2 bowls of rice,The "cheapest" Bobo Chicken in Chengdu is 20 yuan per capita, which realizes the freedom of chicken feet. The boss doesn't want to make a fortune, so he just needs to give his son. For 19 years, he has been guarding his own shop steadily.
The handsome guy made his own fried skewers at the entrance of the school, and it tasted even better than the ones sold at the entrance of the school!,100 yuan to eat fried skewers in the northeast, a large plate came up, and the crunch was so crisp that the scalp was crispy!
Unpacking the special forces self-heating rations, I was shocked when I opened them.,Try to eat a whole ham for 10,000 yuan, and eat a piece of meat for 100 yuan. Is the taste worth it?
Sichuan Restaurant Chef's Exploring Shop¥673,"Spicy and bursting" spicy roasted chicken legs, it is still sloppy to drive hundreds of kilometers to eat
Xiaolongkan Chef's Exploring Shop¥467,Yu Shihu Chef's Exploring Shop¥172
5 pounds of butter is fresh and spicy! The bottom of this hot pot is afraid that it is delicious to boil the soles | Chengdu Delicious Exploration Store,Can you really eat "big elbows" that cost 5 yuan a piece in Xixili?
Try to eat the deep-sea monster, the messenger of the Dragon Palace, do you think it will overturn?,Thai Food: Seafood Takeaways That Thai Celebrities Love to Order The Ceiling of Seafood Takeaways in Bangkok
Challenge to eat only 100 yuan Wallace a day, will it become "Splatoon" after eating it?,Spicy warning! After trying to juice 10000g of millet peppers, what happens when you drink it in one sip?
"Spicy and bursting" spicy roasted chicken legs, it is still sloppy to drive hundreds of kilometers to eat,On: How To Stuff Meatballs Into Egg Yolks
The handsome guy made his own fried skewers at the entrance of the school, and it tasted even better than the ones sold at the entrance of the school!,Spend 100 yuan to buy 40 grilled sausages, paired with two hot and dry noodles, I really enjoyed it today!
Try to eat a whole ham for 10,000 yuan, and eat a piece of meat for 100 yuan. Is the taste worth it?,I tried 800 kilograms of "coconut crab", and when I opened it, there was a big bag full of yellow, so enjoyable
Try to eat the deep-sea monster, the messenger of the Dragon Palace, do you think it will overturn?,The first time I ate such a beautiful lobster, Western reef crayfish, it was super invincible and delicious
For 800 yuan for this piece of meat, the handsome guy has three ways to experience it in one bite!,1.4W bought an oversized watermelon, 150 jins heavier than a person, two people can't lift it
One person spends more than 200 yuan to sweep the convenience store food, donuts / soy milk boxes / salted egg yolk green balls, there are too many delicious food!,[Eat with boki] Spicy Turkey Noodles Hot Dog Sticks
At 12:00 in the middle of the night, I went to the convenience store to cook, and I ate more than 100 yuan alone. Wuguang Lawson taster/Hangzhou exploration shop,The convenience store in the early morning is so surprising, happy dinner night. 711 convenience store taster/food explorer/
What is the reaction of the handsome guy who bought 100 yuan duck goods and made Zhou Hei duck at home and brought it to his girlfriend?,Huanong Brothers: This pig in my brother’s house has a fever. It is hoped that it can’t be saved. We had to help him roast it.
Try to eat the deep-sea monster, the messenger of the Dragon Palace, do you think it will overturn?,The handsome guy bought the freshest beef early and made the freshest Chaoshan beef hot pot!
Xiaolongkan Chef's Exploring Shop¥467,Chao Haowei Chef's Exploring Store ¥2888
Juchunyuan Chef's Exploring Shop¥17?6,What can you buy at the cheapest supermarket in France for 100 yuan? 1 baguette is only 0.35!
Try to eat the deep-sea monster, the messenger of the Dragon Palace, do you think it will overturn?,One of the top ten buffets in the world! Known as the world's most luxurious buffet, you can eat lobster and foie gras!
"Spicy and bursting" spicy roasted chicken legs, it is still sloppy to drive hundreds of kilometers to eat,"Spicy and bursting" spicy roasted chicken legs, it is still sloppy to drive hundreds of kilometers to eat
The handsome guy made his own fried skewers at the entrance of the school, and it tasted even better than the ones sold at the entrance of the school!,Chinese food in the UK is too expensive! 60 yuan a box of xiao long bao 81 yuan a bowl of noodles 80 yuan six crayfish
Have you ever seen the edible ice cubes? Eye-opening for foreigners today,Bing Dwen Dwen? Eat it if you can't get it
Try to eat the deep-sea monster, the messenger of the Dragon Palace, do you think it will overturn?,Burying pig skins in 200°C sand, how delicious is it? It exploded like a firecracker! ! !
The guy is thirsty and wants to eat watermelon, but the cut watermelon looks so strange?,The first small barbecue in the new year, the large piece of mutton was grilled and squeaked and oily, Fat Long exclaimed: Enjoy!
The handsome guy made his own fried skewers at the entrance of the school, and it tasted even better than the ones sold at the entrance of the school!,The prawns that are bigger than my palm cost more than 100 yuan each. The handsome guys are all made with minced garlic and they are delicious.
Try to eat the deep-sea monster, the messenger of the Dragon Palace, do you think it will overturn?,Creamy stew from the animation with a big orange glow
Try One Piece Luffy's favorite giant stick meat~ Will it really taste good in reality? !,The world's largest instant noodles 4184 calories, the handsome guy collapsed after eating
The must-see seafood opening method of Thailand's self-service live grilled shrimp,1.4W bought an oversized watermelon, 150 jins heavier than a person, two people can't lift it
Try the giant king crab! It is worthy of being known as the emperor of crabs!,This up master is too lazy! Not only did not brush the cup, but also ate the cup! [Oatmeal Cookie Cup]
The guy made his own "watermelon jelly" on Douyin. Although it looks good, he shouted that he was pitted after eating it.,The guy made his own "watermelon jelly" on Douyin. Although it looks good, he shouted that he was pitted after eating it.
Try the top salmon king salmon, the oil bursts in the mouth, so refreshing,It turns out that the "porridge" for takeout is made with 3 pieces of 5 cooking bags. Do you dare to eat it after reading it?
